Provide more information on `import setuptools` failure (#13291)
pypa/pip: news/13290.feature.rst

> Include traceback on failure to import ``setuptools`` during legacy metadata gathering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include traceback on failure to import ``setuptools`` when ``setup.py`` is being invoked directly.
```

It's not just metadata generation. All calls to `setup.py` can be affected.
